Audit and improve community onboarding experience (#6852)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/community-chat.rst

Join our community
==================

> Connect with thousands of contributors, customers, and users to build, share, and learn together at `community.mattermost.com <https://community.mattermost.com>`__. This server is our virtual office and is open to everyone. Please review our `Code of Conduct <https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/contributors/guidelines/contribution-guidelines>`__ before participating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect with thousands of contributors, customers, partners, and users to build, share, and learn together at `community.mattermost.com <https://community.mattermost.com>`__. This server is our virtual office and is open to everyone. Please review our `Code of Conduct <https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/contributors/guidelines/contribution-guidelines>`__ before participating.
```

General channels
----------------

- `~Contributors <https://community.mattermost.com/core/chann0els/tickets>`__

> - `~Community Team <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/community-team>`__

Reviewer: Were we considering to remove this channel in favor of the peer-to-peer help channel? https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/peer-to-peer-help

Author: Which channel are you referring to here? ~Community Team? We want to keep this channel and use it moving forward as a focused sharing spot for community projects, events, and communication. This channel is a good candidate for engaging the community because it's currently pretty bare but well-populated.

Reviewer: Sorry, was referring to the Community Team. I thought we were looking to deprecate it. I'm 0/5, we can keep it for now if high impact!

- `~Developers <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers>`__
- `~New Channel Notifications <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/new-channel-notifications>`__
- `~Off-Topic <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/off-topic-pub>`__
- `~Reception <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/town-square>`__

Technical support channels
--------------------------

To familiarize yourself with our community support process, start by reading the `Get Help <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/get-help.html>`__ documentation page.

> - `~Ask Anything <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/ask-anything>`__

Reviewer: What is the difference between 'ask anything' and 'peer-to-peer' help channels?

Reviewer 2: Related question: Do we want to highlight that there's a channel where community members can test product functionality?

Author: @jasonblais Ahh, the biggest question I asked myself while making this change! It just looks like P2P Help has 2.5x the member count and is more focused on nitty-gritty troubleshooting, whereas Ask Anything has more "philosophical" questions about Mattermost.

@cwarnermm For brevity I'm not listing the [Public Test Channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/public-test-channel) here, because it doesn't seem to be heavily used anyways. But I'm open to adding it if we regularly refer members there. Just doesn't look like the case currently.

Reviewer: Thanks @azigler - I suppose I didn't see a fundamental difference in the questions asked between the two channels, and the peer-to-peer help channel isn't overly busy (~100 messages a month it seems).

- `~AI Exchange <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/ai-exchange>`__
- `~Developers: Meeting <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers-meeting>`__
- `~DWG: Documentation Working Group <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/dwg-documentation-working-group>`__
- `~Feature Proposals <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/feature-ideas>`__
- `~i18n - Localization <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/localization>`__
- `~Open Source Fridays (OSF) <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/open-source-fridays>`__
- `~Public Speakers <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/public-speakers>`__
- `~QA: Contributors <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/qa-contributors>`__
- `~Thank you! <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/thank-you>`__

There are many channels that specialize in different areas of the Mattermost platform. To find and join them, search “**Developers:**” in the `LHS <https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#lhs>`__ “🔍 Find channel” search bar on the community server.

> We hold a public developer community meeting every Wednesday at 8:30 AM PT. ☎️ The meeting is held via an audio call in `Developers: Meeting <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers-meeting>`__ and everyone is welcome. This weekly meeting is a great opportunity to ask questions about the project and get involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hold a public developer community meeting every Wednesday at 8:30 AM Palo Alto time. ☎️ The meeting is held via an audio call in `Developers: Meeting <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers-meeting>`__ and everyone is welcome. This weekly meeting is a great opportunity to ask questions about the project and get involved.
```

Reviewer: Recommend we use `Palo Alto` time to remove ambiguity for regions who may not be familiar with "PT" timezone.
